
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.019129                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    19129199                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   19129199                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                                 171697                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 369968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   111.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.cpu0.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          53893                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_reads                           99845                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          52936                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_reads                           99959                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          53318                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99709                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          53594                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_reads                           99622                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          53609                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_reads                           99608                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          53591                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_reads                           99715                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          54030                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_reads                           97913                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          53717                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
