
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000028                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    28206000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   28206000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 427855                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   427237                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2253599179                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 221156                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                        5340                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                          5340                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             16320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              8576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                24896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        16320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           16320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst            578600298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            304048784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               882649082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       578600298                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          578600298                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst           578600298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           304048784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              882649082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                            56412                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                        5340                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                          5340                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                  4517                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         146                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts          774                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                         4517                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads               10620                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes               4858                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                          1402                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                         724                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                        678                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                      56412                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.replacements                      0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                116.975932                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                     5127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                    257                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  19.949416                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     116.975932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.057117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.057117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         5127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            5127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst          5127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total             5127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         5127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total            5127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     14308000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14308000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     14308000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14308000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     14308000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14308000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         5384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         5384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total         5384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         5384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total         5384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.047734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.047734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.047734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.047734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.047734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.047734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55673.151751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55673.151751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55673.151751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55673.151751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55673.151751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55673.151751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     13537000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13537000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     13537000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13537000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     13537000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13537000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.047734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.047734                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047734                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.047734                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047734                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52673.151751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52673.151751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52673.151751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52673.151751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52673.151751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52673.151751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                      0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse                 82.065697                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                     1254                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                    135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                   9.288889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      82.065697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.020036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.020036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data          662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data          592                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            592                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data          1254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             1254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data         1254                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            1254                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data           81                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           81                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data          135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data          135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      2982000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2982000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      4536000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4536000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data      7518000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      7518000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data      7518000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      7518000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data          716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data          673                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          673                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         1389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         1389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.075419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.075419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.120357                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.120357                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.097192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.097192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.097192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.097192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55222.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55222.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        56000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        56000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55688.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55688.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55688.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55688.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      2820000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2820000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      4293000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4293000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      7113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      7113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.075419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.075419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.120357                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120357                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.097192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.097192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52222.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52222.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        53000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        53000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52688.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52688.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52688.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52688.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse               142.102892                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                       3                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                   308                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  0.009740                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    116.450335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data     25.652557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.003554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.004337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total               3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total              3                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total          308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           81                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total           389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data          134                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total          389                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     13260000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      2756000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16016000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      4212000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4212000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     13260000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data      6968000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total     20228000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     13260000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data      6968000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total     20228000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data           54                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data          135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data          135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.992218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.981481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.990354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.992218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.992593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.992347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.992218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.992593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.992347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           81                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     10200000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      2120000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12320000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      3240000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3240000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     10200000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5360000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15560000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     10200000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5360000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15560000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.992218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.981481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.992218                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.992593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992347                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.992218                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.992593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
