
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.362431                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                362430887000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               362430887000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1267775                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1267827                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1884467398                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 355400                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   192.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   243825163                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     243835278                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             56256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data            945216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              1001472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        56256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           56256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks         2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total              2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                879                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data              14769                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 15648                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks              40                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                   40                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               155219                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              2607990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 2763208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          155219                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             155219                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks              7063                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                   7063                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks              7063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              155219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             2607990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                2770272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  443                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        724861774                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   243825163                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     243835278                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             194726506                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11630                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     4252956                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     18619960                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    194726506                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11630                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           456819010                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          215451566                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                23256                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  90                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     105711442                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    82803522                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   22907920                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  724861774                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.replacements                     25                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                725.567632                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                244420630                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                    882                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               277120.895692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     725.567632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.354281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.354281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    244420630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       244420630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     244420630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        244420630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    244420630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       244420630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          882                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           882                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          882                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           882                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     49266000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     49266000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     49266000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     49266000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     49266000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     49266000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    244421512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    244421512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    244421512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    244421512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    244421512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    244421512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55857.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55857.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55857.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55857.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55857.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55857.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     46620000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46620000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     46620000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46620000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     46620000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46620000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52857.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52857.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52857.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52857.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52857.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52857.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 935475                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               3563.824259                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                104186700                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                 939571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 110.887522                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle           134373316000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    3563.824259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.870074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.870074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     81327577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        81327577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     22855241                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       22855241                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu.data         3882                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total            3882                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     104182818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        104182818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    104182818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       104182818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       892857                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        892857                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        46710                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        46710                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total             4                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       939567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         939567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       939567                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        939567                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  12508482000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12508482000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1265712000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1265712000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu.data        98000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total        98000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  13774194000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13774194000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  13774194000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13774194000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     82220434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     82220434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     22901951                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     22901951                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu.data         3886                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total         3886                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    105122385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    105122385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    105122385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    105122385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002040                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002040                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001029                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.001029                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14009.502082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14009.502082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 27097.238279                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27097.238279                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        24500                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total        24500                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14660.150899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14660.150899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14660.150899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14660.150899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       935237                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            935237                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       892857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       892857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        46710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        46710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       939567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       939567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       939567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       939567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   9829911000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9829911000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1125582000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1125582000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        86000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        86000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  10955493000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10955493000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  10955493000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10955493000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001029                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001029                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008938                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008938                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008938                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008938                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11009.502082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11009.502082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 24097.238279                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24097.238279                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        21500                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        21500                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11660.150899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11660.150899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11660.150899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11660.150899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                   865                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse              9236.752232                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                 1585884                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                 15631                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                101.457616                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::writebacks  8861.245791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    244.574580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    130.931861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::writebacks     0.270424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.007464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.003996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.281883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       892655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total         892658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       935237                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       935237                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data        32147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total        32147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data       924802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total          924805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data       924802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total         924805                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total         1081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data        14567                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total        14567                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data        14769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total         15648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          879                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data        14769                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total        15648                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45708000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     10504000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     56212000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    757484000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    757484000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45708000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    767988000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    813696000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45708000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    767988000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    813696000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       892857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       893739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       935237                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       935237                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        46714                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total        46714                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       939571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total       940453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       939571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       940453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.311834                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.311834                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks           40                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total               40                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        14567                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        14567                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        14769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        15648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          879                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        14769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     35160000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      8080000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43240000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    582680000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    582680000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     35160000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    590760000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    625920000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     35160000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    590760000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    625920000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.311834                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.311834                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015719                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
