
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.019401                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    19400856                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   19400856                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                                  79524                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 370632                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   243.96                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.cpu0.num_reads                           98844                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          53478                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_reads                           98643                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          52679                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_reads                           99369                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          53574                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_reads                           97889                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          52711                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          53558                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_reads                           98762                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          53328                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_reads                           99308                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          53445                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_reads                           99141                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          53490                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
