
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000262                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   262298000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  262298000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1070900                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1070867                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              424091073                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 232420                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.62                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      662307                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        662307                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            18240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data            10560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst             3776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data             1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst              576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data             1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.data              960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                36608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        18240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst         3776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst          576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           22656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst               285                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data               165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst                59                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data                22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst                 9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data                16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.data                15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst            69539226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            40259552                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst            14395840                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             5367940                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst             2195976                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data             3903957                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.inst              243997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.data             3659959                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               139566447                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       69539226                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst       14395840                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst        2195976                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst         243997                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           86375039                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst           69539226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           40259552                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst           14395840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            5367940                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst            2195976                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            3903957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.inst             243997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.data            3659959                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              139566447                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                  89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                          524596                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     158353                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       158353                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               109064                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                        390                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        25994                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      109064                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads             315336                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            110671                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                        73905                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                      48930                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                     24975                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                    524596                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                   215                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse               212.479188                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                  157949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                   467                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                338.220557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   212.479188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.414998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::total        0.414998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       157949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         157949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       157949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          157949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       157949                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         157949                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18524000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18524000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18524000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18524000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18524000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18524000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       158416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       158416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       158416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       158416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       158416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       158416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002948                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002948                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 39665.952891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39665.952891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 39665.952891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39665.952891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 39665.952891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39665.952891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17123000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17123000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17123000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17123000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17123000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17123000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002948                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002948                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002948                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002948                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002948                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002948                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 36665.952891                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36665.952891                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 36665.952891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36665.952891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 36665.952891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36665.952891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                     9                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse               141.233342                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                   56009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs                   170                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                329.464706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   141.233342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.275846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.275846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data        48758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          48758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        24741                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         24741                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu0.data           16                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             16                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data        73499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           73499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data        73499                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          73499                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data          162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          183                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          183                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu0.data           26                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           26                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data          345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data          345                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          345                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4749000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4749000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      7175000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7175000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       387000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       387000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data     11924000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     11924000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data     11924000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     11924000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data        48920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        48920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        24924                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        24924                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu0.data           42                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           42                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data        73844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        73844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data        73844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        73844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007342                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007342                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.619048                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.619048                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 29314.814815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29314.814815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39207.650273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39207.650273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14884.615385                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14884.615385                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34562.318841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34562.318841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34562.318841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34562.318841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            6                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total                6                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           26                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4263000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4263000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6626000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6626000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       309000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       309000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     10889000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10889000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     10889000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10889000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007342                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007342                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.619048                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.619048                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26314.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26314.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36207.650273                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36207.650273                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11884.615385                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11884.615385                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31562.318841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31562.318841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31562.318841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31562.318841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.numCycles                          524596                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     172325                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                       172325                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses               107932                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                        637                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts        36203                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                      107932                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads             249091                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes             92744                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                        47898                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                      39616                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                      8282                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              68578.001739                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              456017.998261                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.869275                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.130725                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                   280                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tagsinuse                70.076133                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.total_refs                  171992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.sampled_refs                   366                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.avg_refs                469.923497                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    70.076133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.136867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::total        0.136867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst       171992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         171992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst       171992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          171992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst       171992                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         171992                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          366                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      7920500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7920500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      7920500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7920500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      7920500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7920500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       172358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       172358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst       172358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       172358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst       172358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       172358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 21640.710383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21640.710383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 21640.710383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21640.710383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 21640.710383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21640.710383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      6822000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6822000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      6822000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6822000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      6822000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6822000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 18639.344262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18639.344262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 18639.344262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18639.344262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 18639.344262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18639.344262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                     2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tagsinuse                26.693562                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.total_refs                   18908                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.sampled_refs                    31                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_refs                609.935484                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    26.693562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.052136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.052136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data        39428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          39428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data         8099                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          8099                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu1.data           18                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             18                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data        47527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           47527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data        47527                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          47527                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data          181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data           98                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           98                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu1.data           65                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           65                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data          279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data          279                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          279                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3713000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3713000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1889000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1889000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       415000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       415000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data      5602000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      5602000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data      5602000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      5602000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data        39609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        39609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data         8197                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         8197                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu1.data           83                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data        47806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        47806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data        47806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        47806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.011956                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011956                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.783133                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.783133                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.005836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.005836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20513.812155                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20513.812155                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19275.510204                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19275.510204                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6384.615385                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6384.615385                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20078.853047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20078.853047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20078.853047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20078.853047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           98                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           65                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3170000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3170000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1595000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1595000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       220000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       220000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4765000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4765000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4765000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4765000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.011956                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011956                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.783133                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.783133                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.005836                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005836                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.005836                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005836                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17513.812155                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17513.812155                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16275.510204                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16275.510204                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  3384.615385                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3384.615385                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17078.853047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17078.853047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17078.853047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17078.853047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.numCycles                          524596                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     165499                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       165499                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               112355                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                        637                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts        30582                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      112355                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads             289268                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            110631                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                        57941                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                      41852                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                     16089                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              68840.001738                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              455755.998262                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.868775                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.131225                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                   280                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tagsinuse                65.601019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.total_refs                  165166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.sampled_refs                   366                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.avg_refs                451.273224                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    65.601019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.128127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.occ_percent::total        0.128127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst       165166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         165166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst       165166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          165166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst       165166                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         165166                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          366                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      5648500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5648500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      5648500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5648500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      5648500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5648500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       165532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       165532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst       165532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       165532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst       165532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       165532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 15433.060109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15433.060109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 15433.060109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15433.060109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 15433.060109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15433.060109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      4550500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4550500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      4550500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4550500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      4550500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4550500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12433.060109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12433.060109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12433.060109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12433.060109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12433.060109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12433.060109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                     2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tagsinuse                24.943438                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.total_refs                   34578                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.sampled_refs                    31                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_refs               1115.419355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    24.943438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.048718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.048718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data        41688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          41688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data        15916                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15916                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu2.data           11                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             11                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data        57604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total           57604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data        57604                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total          57604                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data          156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu2.data           51                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           51                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data          265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total           265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data          265                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total          265                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      2527000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2527000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      2084000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2084000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       305000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       305000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data      4611000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      4611000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data      4611000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      4611000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data        41844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        41844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data        16025                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16025                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu2.data           62                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           62                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data        57869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total        57869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data        57869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total        57869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.006802                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006802                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.822581                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.822581                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16198.717949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16198.717949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19119.266055                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19119.266055                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  5980.392157                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5980.392157                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        17400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        17400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        17400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        17400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           51                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      2059000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2059000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1757000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1757000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       152000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       152000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      3816000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3816000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      3816000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3816000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.006802                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006802                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.822581                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.822581                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 13198.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13198.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16119.266055                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16119.266055                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  2980.392157                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2980.392157                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        14400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        14400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        14400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        14400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.numCycles                          524596                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     166130                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                       166130                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses               112098                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                        637                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts        31024                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                      112098                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads             286475                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes            109360                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                        57243                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                      41720                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     15523                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              69090.001737                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              455505.998263                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.868299                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.131701                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                   281                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tagsinuse                67.737646                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.total_refs                  165796                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.sampled_refs                   367                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.avg_refs                451.760218                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    67.737646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.132300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.occ_percent::total        0.132300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst       165796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         165796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst       165796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          165796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst       165796                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         165796                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          367                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5531500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5531500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5531500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5531500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5531500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5531500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       166163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst       166163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       166163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst       166163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       166163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 15072.207084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15072.207084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 15072.207084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15072.207084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 15072.207084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15072.207084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      4430500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4430500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      4430500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4430500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      4430500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4430500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 12072.207084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12072.207084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 12072.207084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12072.207084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 12072.207084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12072.207084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                     2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tagsinuse                25.684916                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.total_refs                   33474                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.sampled_refs                    32                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_refs               1046.062500                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu3.data    25.684916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.050166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.050166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data        41555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          41555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data        15348                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15348                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu3.data           11                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             11                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data        56903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           56903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data        56903                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          56903                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data          157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu3.data           54                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           54                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data          265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data          265                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          265                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      2569000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2569000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      2080000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2080000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       326000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       326000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data      4649000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      4649000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data      4649000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      4649000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data        41712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        41712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data        15456                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        15456                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu3.data           65                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           65                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data        57168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        57168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data        57168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        57168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.003764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.006988                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006988                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.830769                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.830769                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16363.057325                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16363.057325                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19259.259259                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19259.259259                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  6037.037037                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6037.037037                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17543.396226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17543.396226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17543.396226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17543.396226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           54                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      2098000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2098000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1756000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1756000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       164000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       164000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      3854000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3854000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      3854000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3854000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.003764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.006988                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006988                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.830769                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.830769                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 13363.057325                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13363.057325                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16259.259259                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16259.259259                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  3037.037037                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3037.037037                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 14543.396226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14543.396226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 14543.396226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14543.396226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tagsinuse                       353.886259                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                            1223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.sampled_refs                           434                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.avg_refs                          2.817972                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.occ_blocks::writebacks            5.597896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst           231.859183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.data            54.220360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst            51.601293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.data             6.129067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst             1.914986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu2.data             0.831600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst             0.887228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu3.data             0.844646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            0.003538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.data            0.000827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            0.000787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.data            0.000094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            0.000029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu2.data            0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu3.inst            0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu3.data            0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::total                0.005400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst                182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data                  5                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst                300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data                  5                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst                354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data                 11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst                358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data                 11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                   1226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks               9                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total                    9                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                 300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                 354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data                  11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                 358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3.data                  11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                    1226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                182                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                300                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data                  5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                354                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data                 11                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                358                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3.data                 11                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                   1226                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst              285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data               66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst               66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data                8                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst               12                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data                2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst                9                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data                2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                  450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total                72                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             99                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data             15                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data             14                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data             14                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total                142                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data               165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data                23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst                12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data                16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                 9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3.data                16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                   592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              285                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data              165                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               66                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data               23                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst               12                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data               16                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3.inst                9                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3.data               16                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                  592                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14822000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      3432000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      3416000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       413000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       615000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       104000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       429000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        99000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       23330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        52000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        52000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        52000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       156000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5148000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       781000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       728000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       728000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7385000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14822000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data      8580000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      3416000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1194000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       615000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data       832000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       429000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data       827000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total        30715000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14822000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data      8580000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      3416000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1194000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       615000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data       832000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       429000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data       827000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total       30715000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data             71                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst            366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data             13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst            366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data             13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst            367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data             13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total               1676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            9                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total                9                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              74                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           99                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total              142                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data              28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data              27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3.data              27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total                1818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data             28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data             27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3.data             27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total               1818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.610278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.929577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.180328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.615385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.032787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.153846                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst      0.024523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data      0.153846                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.268496                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.933333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.972973                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.610278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.180328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.821429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.032787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.592593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.024523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.592593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.325633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.610278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.180328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.821429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.032787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.592593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst      0.024523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data      0.592593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.325633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52007.017544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 51757.575758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        51625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        51250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 47666.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        49500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51844.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  4333.333333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data         3250                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data         3250                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2166.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52066.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52007.042254                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52007.017544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 51757.575758                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 51913.043478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        51250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 47666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 51687.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51883.445946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52007.017544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 51757.575758                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 51913.043478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        51250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 47666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 51687.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51883.445946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           66                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           99                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           142                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total              572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           59                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           22                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           16                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total             572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11402000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      2640000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      2360000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       280000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       361000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        80000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        40000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        40000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17203000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1120000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       480000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       640000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       640000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2880000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      3960000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       601000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       560000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       560000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5681000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11402000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6600000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      2360000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       881000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       361000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       640000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        40000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       600000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     22884000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11402000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6600000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      2360000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       881000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       361000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       640000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        40000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       600000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     22884000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.610278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.929577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.161202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.538462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.024590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.153846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.076923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.610278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.161202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.785714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.024590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.592593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.555556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.314631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.610278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.161202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.785714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.024590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.592593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.555556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40007.017544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 40111.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40006.976744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        40000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        40000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        40000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40066.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40007.042254                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40007.017544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40045.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 40111.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40006.993007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40007.017544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40045.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 40111.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40006.993007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
