
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.195470                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5195470393000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5195470393000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 792632                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1521406                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            29811367673                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 354100                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   174.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   138138472                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     265147881                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      2876352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            974400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data           9911872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             13764096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       974400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          974400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10427072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10427072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        44943                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst              15225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             154873                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                215064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          162923                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               162923                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       553627                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker            160                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker            123                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               187548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              1907791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 2649249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          187548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             187548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           2006954                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2006954                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           2006954                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       553627                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker           160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker           123                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              187548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             1907791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                4656204                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.l2c.replacements                        136133                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tagsinuse                     31389.895470                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                         3363370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.sampled_refs                        168244                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.avg_refs                         19.991025                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.occ_blocks::writebacks        23478.740830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.248367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.010497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu.inst           1900.597036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu.data           6010.298740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_percent::writebacks           0.358257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.029001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.091710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::total                0.478972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker          6528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker          3033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst              773419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data             1274463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                2057443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks         1534567                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total              1534567                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data              320                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 320                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data            192958                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               192958                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker           6528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker           3033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu.inst               773419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu.data              1467421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 2250401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker          6528                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker          3033                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu.inst              773419                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu.data             1467421                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                2250401                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst             15226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data             35581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                50830                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data           1369                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              1369                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          120168                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             120168                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu.inst              15226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu.data             155749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                170998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker           10                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu.inst             15226                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu.data            155749                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               170998                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       676000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       520000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    791868000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1863058500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     2656122500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     33778000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     33778000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   6249324500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   6249324500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       676000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       520000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    791868000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   8112383000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      8905447000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       676000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       520000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    791868000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   8112383000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     8905447000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker         6541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker         3043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          788645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data         1310044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2108273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1534567                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total          1534567                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data         1689                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            1689                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        313126                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           313126                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker         6541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker         3043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           788645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu.data          1623170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2421399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker         6541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker         3043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          788645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu.data         1623170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2421399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.001987                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.003286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst       0.019307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data       0.027160                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.024110                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.810539                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.810539                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.383769                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.383769                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.001987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.003286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.019307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.095954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.070620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.001987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.003286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst       0.019307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data       0.095954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.070620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52007.618547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52361.049436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52255.016722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 24673.484295                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24673.484295                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52004.897310                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52004.897310                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52007.618547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52086.260586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52079.246541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52007.618547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52086.260586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52079.246541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks              116255                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                   116255                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        15226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        35581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           50830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1369                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1369                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       120168                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        120168                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         15226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        155749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           170998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        15226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       155749                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          170998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       520000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       400000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    609142000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1436082000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2046144000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     55109000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55109000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4807305000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4807305000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       520000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       400000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    609142000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6243387000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6853449000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       520000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       400000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    609142000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6243387000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6853449000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data  56051785000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  56051785000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1218050000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1218050000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data  57269835000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  57269835000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.001987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.003286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.019307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.027160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024110                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.810539                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.810539                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.383769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.001987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.003286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.019307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.095954                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.070620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.001987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.003286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.019307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.095954                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40006.699067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40360.922965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40254.652764                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40254.930606                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40254.930606                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40004.868185                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40004.868185                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40006.699067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40086.209221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40079.117884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40006.699067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40086.209221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40079.117884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.replacements                     47510                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tagsinuse                     0.120586                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.sampled_refs                     47526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.avg_refs                             0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle              5048756072000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.120586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.007537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.occ_percent::total            0.007537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           46720                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             47564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47564                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            47564                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    106575932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106575932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   6391379160                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6391379160                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   6497955092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   6497955092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   6497955092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   6497955092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         46720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           47564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          47564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 126274.800948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126274.800948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 136801.779966                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 136801.779966                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 136614.983853                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 136614.983853                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 136614.983853                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 136614.983853                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      69564644                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                11299                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  6156.708027                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           46668                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                46668                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        46720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        47564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47564                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        47564                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     62666978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62666978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3961676998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3961676998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4024343976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4024343976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4024343976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4024343976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 74249.973934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74249.973934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 84796.168622                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84796.168622                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 84609.031536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84609.031536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 84609.031536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84609.031536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes        34816                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           31                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          693                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2985984                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          812                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu.numCycles                      10390940786                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   138138472                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     265147881                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             249556386                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     24882695                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    249556386                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           778086007                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          422921187                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      23169904                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    14812525                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    8357379                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               9787777240.878117                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               603163545.121884                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.058047                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.941953                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.icache.replacements                 788139                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                510.361283                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                158433932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                 788651                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 200.892324                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle           160047116000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     510.361283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.996799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.996799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    158433932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       158433932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     158433932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        158433932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    158433932                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       158433932                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       788658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        788658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       788658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         788658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       788658                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        788658                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11681762500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11681762500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11681762500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  11681762500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11681762500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  11681762500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    159222590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    159222590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    159222590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    159222590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    159222590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    159222590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.004953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.004953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.004953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14812.203135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14812.203135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14812.203135                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14812.203135                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14812.203135                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14812.203135                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          805                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               805                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       788658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       788658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       788658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       788658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       788658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       788658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   9314744000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9314744000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   9314744000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9314744000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   9314744000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9314744000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.004953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.004953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.004953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11810.878733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11810.878733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11810.878733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11810.878733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11810.878733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11810.878733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements         3754                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse        3.070606                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           7549                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         3765                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs         2.005046                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5178573163000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     3.070606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.191913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.191913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker         7619                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         7619                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker         7621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         7621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker         7621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         7621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker         4602                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         4602                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker         4602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         4602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker         4602                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         4602                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker     50817000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50817000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker     50817000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     50817000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker     50817000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     50817000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        12221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        12221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        12223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        12223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        12223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        12223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.376565                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.376565                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.376503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.376503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.376503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.376503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 11042.372881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11042.372881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 11042.372881                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11042.372881                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 11042.372881                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11042.372881                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          826                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          826                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker         4602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker         4602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker         4602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker     37011000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37011000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker     37011000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37011000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker     37011000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37011000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.376565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.376503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.376503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker  8042.372881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8042.372881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker  8042.372881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8042.372881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker  8042.372881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8042.372881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         7704                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse        5.052403                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          13051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         7716                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs         1.691420                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5160674969000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     5.052403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.315775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.315775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker        13051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        13051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker        13051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        13051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker        13051                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        13051                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker         8896                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         8896                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker         8896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         8896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker         8896                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         8896                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker    103895500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    103895500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker    103895500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    103895500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker    103895500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    103895500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker        21947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        21947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker        21947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        21947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker        21947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        21947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.405340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.405340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.405340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.405340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.405340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.405340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 11678.900629                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11678.900629                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 11678.900629                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11678.900629                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 11678.900629                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11678.900629                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         2985                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         2985                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker         8896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker         8896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker         8896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker     77207000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77207000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker     77207000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77207000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker     77207000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77207000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.405340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.405340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.405340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.405340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.405340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.405340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker  8678.844424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8678.844424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker  8678.844424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8678.844424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker  8678.844424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8678.844424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                1623424                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse                511.997312                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                 20011404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                1623936                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                  12.322779                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle               44345000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data     511.997312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     11977182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        11977182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      8032009                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        8032009                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      20009191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         20009191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     20009191                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        20009191                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1310824                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1310824                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       315344                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       315344                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      1626168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1626168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      1626168                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1626168                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  19851809000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19851809000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   9514837000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9514837000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  29366646000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  29366646000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  29366646000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  29366646000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     13288006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13288006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      8347353                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8347353                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     21635359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21635359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     21635359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21635359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.098647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.098647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.037778                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037778                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.075163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.075163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.075163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.075163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15144.526649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15144.526649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30172.881044                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30172.881044                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 18058.802043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18058.802043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 18058.802043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18058.802043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1529951                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1529951                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1310824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1310824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       315344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       315344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1626168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1626168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1626168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1626168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  15919294500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15919294500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   8568794500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8568794500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  24488089000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24488089000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  24488089000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24488089000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data  75925324500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  75925324500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1379728500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1379728500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data  77305053000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  77305053000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.098647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.037778                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037778                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.075163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.075163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.075163                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.075163                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12144.494227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12144.494227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 27172.847747                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27172.847747                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 15058.769451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15058.769451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 15058.769451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15058.769451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
