
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.019665                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    19665440                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   19665440                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                                 168119                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 370164                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   116.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99534                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          53920                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_reads                           99604                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          53779                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_reads                           99103                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          53314                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99223                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          53188                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          53373                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_reads                           99316                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          53693                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_reads                           99832                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          53341                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_reads                           99257                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          53656                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
