
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000088                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    87713500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   87713500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1597903                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1597833                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              206906108                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1149840                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      677340                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        677340                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            18048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data            10560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst             3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data             1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data              832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.data              832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                35776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        18048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           22272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst               282                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data               165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst                62                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data                20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data                13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.data                13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   559                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           205760801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data           120391958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst            45238190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data            14592965                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst             1459296                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data             9485427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.inst             1459296                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.data             9485427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               407873360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      205760801                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst       45238190                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst        1459296                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst        1459296                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          253917584                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst          205760801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data          120391958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst           45238190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data           14592965                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst            1459296                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            9485427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.inst            1459296                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.data            9485427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              407873360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                  89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                          175428                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     175339                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       175339                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               120388                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                        390                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        28825                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      120388                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads             349308                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            121996                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                        82398                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                      54592                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                     27806                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                    175428                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                   215                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse               222.757301                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                  174934                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                   467                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                374.591006                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   222.757301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.435073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::total        0.435073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       174934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         174934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       174934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          174934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       174934                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         174934                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       175401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       175401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       175401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       175401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       175401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       175401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                     9                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse               145.712770                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                   61599                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs                   170                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                362.347059                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   145.712770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.284595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.284595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data        54431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          54431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        27578                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         27578                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu0.data           15                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             15                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data        82009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           82009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data        82009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          82009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data          151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          177                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          177                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu0.data           27                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           27                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data          328                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          328                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data        54582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        54582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        27755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu0.data           42                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           42                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data        82337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        82337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data        82337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        82337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006377                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006377                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.642857                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.642857                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            6                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total                6                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.numCycles                          173308                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     167398                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                       167398                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses               109926                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                        633                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts        32743                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                      109926                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads             270038                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes            100721                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                        53394                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                      40652                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                     12742                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles               7886.574443                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              165421.425557                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.954494                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.045506                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                   278                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tagsinuse                76.746014                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.total_refs                  167072                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.sampled_refs                   358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.avg_refs                466.681564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    76.746014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.149895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::total        0.149895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst       167072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         167072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst       167072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          167072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst       167072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         167072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst          358                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          358                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst          358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst          358                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          358                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       167430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       167430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst       167430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       167430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst       167430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       167430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                     2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tagsinuse                29.073016                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.total_refs                   26889                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.sampled_refs                    28                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_refs                960.321429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    29.073016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.056783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.056783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data        40468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          40468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data        12563                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12563                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu1.data           14                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             14                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data        53031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           53031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data        53031                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          53031                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data          176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu1.data           57                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           57                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data          282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data          282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data        40644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        40644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data        12669                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        12669                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu1.data           71                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data        53313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        53313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data        53313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        53313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.008367                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008367                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.802817                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.802817                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.005290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.005290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.numCycles                          173308                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     167334                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       167334                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               113333                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                        633                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts        31007                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      113333                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads             290613                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            109308                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                        58537                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                      42362                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                     16175                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles               7949.801380                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              165358.198620                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.954129                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.045871                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                   278                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tagsinuse                74.775474                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.total_refs                  167008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.sampled_refs                   358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.avg_refs                466.502793                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    74.775474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.146046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.occ_percent::total        0.146046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst       167008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         167008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst       167008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          167008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst       167008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         167008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst          358                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          358                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst          358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst          358                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          358                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       167366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       167366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst       167366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       167366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst       167366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       167366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                     2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tagsinuse                28.420699                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.total_refs                   33771                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.sampled_refs                    28                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_refs               1206.107143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    28.420699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.055509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.055509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data        42192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          42192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data        15998                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15998                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu2.data           11                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             11                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data        58190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total           58190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data        58190                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total          58190                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data          162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu2.data           55                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           55                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data          271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total           271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data          271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total          271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data        42354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        42354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data        16107                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16107                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu2.data           66                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           66                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data        58461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total        58461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data        58461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total        58461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.006767                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006767                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.833333                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.833333                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.numCycles                          173307                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     167269                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                       167269                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses               111554                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                        633                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts        31865                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                      111554                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads             280060                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes            104916                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                        55900                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                      41466                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     14434                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles               8013.969997                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              165293.030003                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.953759                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.046241                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                   279                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tagsinuse                72.869097                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.total_refs                  166942                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.sampled_refs                   359                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.avg_refs                465.019499                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    72.869097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.142322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.occ_percent::total        0.142322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst       166942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         166942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst       166942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          166942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst       166942                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         166942                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst          359                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          359                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst          359                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          359                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       167301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       167301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst       167301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       167301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst       167301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       167301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                     2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tagsinuse                27.588376                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.total_refs                   30309                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.sampled_refs                    29                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_refs               1045.137931                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu3.data    27.588376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.053884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.053884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data        41299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          41299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data        14260                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         14260                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu3.data           15                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             15                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data        55559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           55559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data        55559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          55559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data          159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data          102                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          102                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu3.data           55                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           55                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data          261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data          261                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          261                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data        41458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        41458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data        14362                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        14362                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu3.data           70                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data        55820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        55820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data        55820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        55820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.003835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.007102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.785714                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.785714                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tagsinuse                       371.980910                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                            1223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.sampled_refs                           426                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.avg_refs                          2.870892                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.occ_blocks::writebacks            6.390048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst           239.409595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.data            55.204245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst            59.507442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.data             6.720647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst             1.930518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu2.data             0.935341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst             0.977501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu3.data             0.905573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            0.003653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.data            0.000842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            0.000908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.data            0.000103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            0.000029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu2.data            0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu3.inst            0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu3.data            0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::total                0.005676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst                185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data                  5                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst                296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data                  5                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst                356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data                 11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst                357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data                 11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                   1226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks               9                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total                    9                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                 296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                 356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data                  11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                 357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3.data                  11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                    1226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                185                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                296                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data                  5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                356                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data                 11                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                357                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3.data                 11                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                   1226                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst              282                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data               66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst               62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data                7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst                2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data                1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst                2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data                1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                  423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            19                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            19                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total                87                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             99                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data             13                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data             12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data             12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total                136                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data               165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data                20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst                 2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data                13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                 2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3.data                13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                   559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              282                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data              165                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               62                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data               20                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst                2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data               13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3.inst                2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3.data               13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                  559                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data             71                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst            358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data             12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst            358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data             12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst            359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data             12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total               1649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            9                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total                9                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           31                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              89                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           99                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total              136                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data              25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data              24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3.data              24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total                1785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data             25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data             24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3.data             24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total               1785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.603854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.929577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.173184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.583333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.005587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.083333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst      0.005571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data      0.083333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.256519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.935484                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.977528                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.603854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.173184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.800000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.005587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.541667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.005571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.541667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.313165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.603854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.173184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.800000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.005587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.541667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst      0.005571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data      0.541667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.313165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
