
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.028725                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    28725020                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   28725020                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                                 699351                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 369936                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    41.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.cpu0.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          53147                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_reads                           99027                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          53354                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_reads                           98992                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          53956                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99374                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          53181                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_reads                           99392                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          53489                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_reads                           99177                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          53605                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_reads                           99055                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          53188                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_reads                           99520                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          53821                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
