
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.370011                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                370010840000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               370010840000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 564351                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   993732                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1321716509                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 360832                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   279.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   157988583                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     278192520                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             51712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data           4849088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4900800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        51712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           51712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1885440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1885440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                808                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data              75767                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 76575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           29460                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                29460                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               139758                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             13105259                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                13245017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          139758                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             139758                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           5095634                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                5095634                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           5095634                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              139758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            13105259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               18340652                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  444                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        740021680                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   157988583                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     278192520                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             278186228                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     40                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     18628012                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    278186228                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                            40                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           834011910                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          341010914                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   40                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  26                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     122219139                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    90779388                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   31439751                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  740021680                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.replacements                     24                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                666.191948                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                217695401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                    808                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               269425.001238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     666.191948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.325289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.325289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    217695401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       217695401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     217695401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        217695401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    217695401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       217695401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          808                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           808                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          808                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           808                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45248000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     45248000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45248000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     45248000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45248000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     45248000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    217696209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    217696209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    217696209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    217696209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    217696209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    217696209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        56000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        56000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        56000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        56000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        56000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        56000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     42824000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42824000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     42824000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42824000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     42824000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42824000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        53000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        53000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        53000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        53000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        53000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        53000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                2062733                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               4076.661903                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                120152372                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                2066829                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                  58.133678                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle           126200130000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    4076.661903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.995279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.995279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     88818730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        88818730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     31333642                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       31333642                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     120152372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        120152372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    120152372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       120152372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1960720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1960720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       106109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       106109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2066829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2066829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2066829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2066829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  28849058000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28849058000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   3268793000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3268793000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  32117851000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  32117851000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  32117851000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  32117851000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     90779450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     90779450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     31439751                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     31439751                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    122219201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    122219201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    122219201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    122219201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003375                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003375                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14713.502183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14713.502183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30805.991952                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30805.991952                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15539.675029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15539.675029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15539.675029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15539.675029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1437080                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1437080                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1960720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1960720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       106109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       106109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2066829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2066829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2066829                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2066829                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  22966898000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22966898000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2950464500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2950464500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  25917362500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25917362500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  25917362500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25917362500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003375                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003375                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11713.502183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11713.502183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 27805.977815                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27805.977815                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12539.674303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12539.674303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12539.674303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12539.674303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                 49212                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             18614.603260                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                 3296079                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                 77127                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                 42.735735                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::writebacks 12062.804989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    196.794797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data   6355.003474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::writebacks     0.368128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.006006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.193939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.568073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      1927411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        1927411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks      1437080                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total      1437080                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data        63651                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total        63651                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      1991062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         1991062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      1991062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        1991062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          808                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        33309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total        34117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data        42458                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total        42458                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data        75767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total         76575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          808                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data        75767                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total        76575                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     42016000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1732068000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1774084000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2207845500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2207845500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     42016000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   3939913500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3981929500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     42016000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   3939913500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3981929500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1960720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1961528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1437080                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total      1437080                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       106109                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       106109                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      2066829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2067637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      2066829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2067637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016988                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400136                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.400136                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.036659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.036659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52000.694804                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52000.694804                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52000.389352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52000.385243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52000.389352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52000.385243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        29460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            29460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        33309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        34117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        42458                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        42458                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        75767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        76575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        75767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        76575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     32320000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1332360000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1364680000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1698320000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1698320000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     32320000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3030680000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3063000000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     32320000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3030680000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3063000000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.036659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.036659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
