
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000026                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    26361000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   26361000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 366471                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   454532                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2105652624                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 228652                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                        4574                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                          5682                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             14400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              8000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                22400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        14400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           14400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   350                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst            546261523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            303478624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               849740146                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       546261523                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          546261523                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst           546261523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           303478624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              849740146                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   13                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                            52722                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                        4574                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                          5682                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                  4985                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         185                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts          775                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                         4985                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                            16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads               28701                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes               5345                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                          2139                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        1201                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                        938                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                      52722                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.replacements                      1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                114.525744                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                     4373                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                    241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  18.145228                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     114.525744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.055921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.055921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         4373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            4373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst          4373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total             4373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         4373                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total            4373                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          241                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           241                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     12824000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12824000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     12824000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12824000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     12824000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12824000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         4614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         4614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total         4614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         4614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total         4614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.052232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.052232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.052232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53211.618257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53211.618257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53211.618257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53211.618257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53211.618257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53211.618257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     12101000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12101000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     12101000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12101000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     12101000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12101000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 50211.618257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50211.618257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 50211.618257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50211.618257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 50211.618257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50211.618257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                      0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse                 82.937979                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                     1941                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                    141                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                  13.765957                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      82.937979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.020249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.020249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data         1049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            1049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data          870                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            870                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data           11                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           11                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data          1919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             1919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data         1919                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            1919                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data           98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data           43                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           43                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data          141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data          141                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           141                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      4816000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4816000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      2408000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2408000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data      7224000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      7224000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data      7224000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      7224000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data         1147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data          913                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          913                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data           11                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           11                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         2060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total         2060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         2060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.085440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.047097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.047097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.068447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.068447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.068447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.068447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 49142.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49142.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        56000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        56000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 51234.042553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51234.042553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 51234.042553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51234.042553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           43                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      4522000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4522000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      2279000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2279000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      6801000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6801000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      6801000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6801000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.085440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.047097                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047097                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.068447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.068447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.068447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.068447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 46142.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46142.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        53000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        53000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 48234.042553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48234.042553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 48234.042553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48234.042553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse               153.954484                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                      32                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                   307                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  0.104235                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    105.806385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data     48.148099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.003229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.004698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data           16                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             32                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total              32                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           16                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data           16                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total             32                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data           82                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total          307                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data          125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total           350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          225                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data          125                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total          350                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     11700000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      4264000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15964000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      2236000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2236000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     11700000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data      6500000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total     18200000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     11700000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data      6500000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total     18200000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data           98                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total           43                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data          141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data          141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.933610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.836735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.905605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.933610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.886525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.916230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.933610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.886525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.916230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           82                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst      9000000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      3280000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12280000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      1720000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1720000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst      9000000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5000000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14000000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst      9000000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5000000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14000000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.933610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.836735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.905605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.933610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.886525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.916230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.933610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.886525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.916230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
