
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.388554                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                388554296500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               388554296500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 160259                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   160764                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               44440455                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 224388                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  8743.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1401188958                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1405604152                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             85056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data           5902400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              5987456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        85056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           85056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      3788160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           3788160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               1329                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data              92225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 93554                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           59190                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                59190                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               218904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             15190670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                15409574                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          218904                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             218904                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           9749371                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                9749371                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           9749371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              218904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            15190670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               25158945                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   49                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        777108594                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.BPredUnit.lookups                 98192290                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.BPredUnit.condPredicted           88412741                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.BPredUnit.condIncorrect            3784661                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBLookups              66025458                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBHits                 65664289                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                     0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.BPredUnit.usedRAS                     1392                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                 307                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles          165888791                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                     1648818264                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    98192290                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches           65665681                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     330417282                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                21685615                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.BlockedCycles              262756820                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  127                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          2717                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                 162823525                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                752138                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          776762747                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.128564                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.147845                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                446345465     57.46%     57.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                 74375625      9.58%     67.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                 37980087      4.89%     71.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                  9083330      1.17%     73.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                 28159964      3.63%     76.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                 18826619      2.42%     79.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                 11515688      1.48%     80.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  3871202      0.50%     81.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                146604767     18.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            776762747                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.126356                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        2.121735                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                217443439                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             213446803                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                 285373546                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles              42801949                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles               17697010                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts             1642584513                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles               17697010                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                241484414                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                36505924                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles       52170824                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                 303041095                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles             125863480                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts             1631270043                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                    22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents               30873302                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LSQFullEvents              72930971                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents          3136079                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands          1360952247                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups            2755876290                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups       2721902713                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups          33973577                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps            1244770452                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                116181795                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts            2680713                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts        2696169                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                 271856221                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads            438705092                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores           180250261                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads         255265663                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores         83296081                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                 1517040384                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             2636529                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                1460865188                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             67073                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       113729678                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    136677669                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         392858                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     776762747                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.880710                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.430803                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           147116911     18.94%     18.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           184456460     23.75%     42.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           210881862     27.15%     69.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           131212379     16.89%     86.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            70768732      9.11%     95.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            20345025      2.62%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             7834706      1.01%     99.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             3973798      0.51%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              172874      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       776762747                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  106719      6.05%      6.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%      6.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%      6.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                167382      9.50%     15.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     15.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     15.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     15.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     15.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     15.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     15.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     15.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     15.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     15.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     15.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     15.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     15.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     15.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     15.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     15.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     15.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     15.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     15.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     15.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     15.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     15.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     15.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     15.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     15.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     15.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                1159607     65.79%     81.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                328958     18.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             867175983     59.36%     59.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    0      0.00%     59.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     59.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             2649316      0.18%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            419771639     28.73%     88.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           171268250     11.72%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total             1460865188                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.879873                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     1762666                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.001207                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         3682454836                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        1624473314                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1444449939                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            17868026                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            9170759                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      8547404                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses             1453439561                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 9188293                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        215395742                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     36192248                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        54154                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       246172                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     13402119                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3683                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         46778                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles               17697010                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 2543877                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                131664                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          1613864484                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           4125995                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             438705092                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            180250261                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            2550339                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  45235                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  9141                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         246172                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        2357197                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1561193                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts              3918390                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts            1455317466                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             417050361                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           5547722                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                      94187571                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                    587627055                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                 89112581                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                  170576694                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.872734                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                     1453915806                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                    1452997343                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                1154378236                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                1205398776                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.869748                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.957673                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitCommittedInsts     1485108101                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu.commit.commitCommittedOps       1489523295                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts       124237250                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2243671                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts           3784661                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    759066348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.962310                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.504596                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    240497837     31.68%     31.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    276436046     36.42%     68.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     43137006      5.68%     73.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     54981228      7.24%     81.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     19702278      2.60%     83.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     13356697      1.76%     85.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     30450827      4.01%     89.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     10463438      1.38%     90.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     70040991      9.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    759066348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts           1485108101                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps             1489523295                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                      569360986                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                     402512844                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                       51356                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                   86248929                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                    8452036                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                1319476388                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls              1206914                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events              70040991                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.bw_limited                        0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                   2302721032                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                  3245242057                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                           11126                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                          345847                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                  1401188958                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                    1405604152                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts_total            1401188958                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               0.554607                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.554607                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.803080                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.803080                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads               1980619731                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes              1276281052                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                  16978878                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                 10499994                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               593300909                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                2190883                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.icache.replacements                    200                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               1048.828471                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                162821549                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                   1351                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               120519.281273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    1048.828471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.512123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.512123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    162821549                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       162821549                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     162821549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        162821549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    162821549                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       162821549                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1976                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1976                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     67232500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67232500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     67232500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     67232500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     67232500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     67232500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    162823525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    162823525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    162823525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    162823525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    162823525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    162823525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 34024.544534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34024.544534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 34024.544534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34024.544534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 34024.544534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34024.544534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          624                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          624                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47023000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47023000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47023000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47023000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47023000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47023000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 34780.325444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34780.325444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 34780.325444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34780.325444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 34780.325444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34780.325444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 458031                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               4095.115790                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                365778673                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                 462127                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 791.511150                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle              131565000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    4095.115790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.999784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.999784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    200803152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       200803152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    164974202                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      164974202                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu.data         1319                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total            1319                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     365777354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        365777354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    365777354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       365777354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       803342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        803342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1872614                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1872614                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu.data            7                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total             7                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2675956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2675956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2675956                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2675956                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  11885207000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11885207000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  29671016952                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  29671016952                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       267000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       267000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  41556223952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41556223952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  41556223952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41556223952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    201606494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    201606494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    166846816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    166846816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu.data         1326                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total         1326                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    368453310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    368453310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    368453310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    368453310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011224                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011224                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005279                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.005279                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14794.703875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14794.703875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15844.705290                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15844.705290                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 38142.857143                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38142.857143                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15529.487014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15529.487014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15529.487014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15529.487014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        15500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  2214.285714                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       413195                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            413195                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       603294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       603294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data      1610542                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1610542                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data      2213836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2213836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data      2213836                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2213836                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       200048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       200048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       262072                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       262072                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            7                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       462120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       462120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       462120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       462120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1554226000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1554226000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3602715222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3602715222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       246000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       246000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5156941222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5156941222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5156941222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5156941222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001571                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001571                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005279                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005279                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  7769.265376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7769.265376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13747.043644                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13747.043644                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 35142.857143                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35142.857143                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11159.311915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11159.311915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11159.311915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11159.311915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                 75325                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             17833.274372                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                  440162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                 90846                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  4.845145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::writebacks 15764.439855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     99.157433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data   1969.677084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::writebacks     0.481093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.003026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.060110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.544228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       167881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total         167904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       413195                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       413195                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       202021                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       202021                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data       369902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total          369925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           23                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data       369902                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total         369925                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1329                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        32167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total        33496                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data        60058                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total        60058                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data        92225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total         93554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1329                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data        92225                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total        93554                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45502500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1094618000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1140120500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2066673500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2066673500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45502500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   3161291500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3206794000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45502500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   3161291500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3206794000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       200048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       201400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       413195                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       413195                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       262079                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       262079                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         1352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       462127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total       463479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         1352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       462127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       463479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.982988                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.160796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.166316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.229160                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.229160                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.982988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.199566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.201852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.982988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.199566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.201852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 34238.148984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 34029.222495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34037.511942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 34411.294082                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34411.294082                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 34238.148984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 34278.031987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34277.465421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 34238.148984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 34278.031987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34277.465421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        59190                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            59190                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        32167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        33496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        60058                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        60058                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        92225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        93554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1329                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        92225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        93554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     41203500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    997353500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1038557000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1880936000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1880936000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     41203500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2878289500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2919493000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     41203500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2878289500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2919493000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.982988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.160796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.229160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.982988                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.199566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.201852                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.982988                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.199566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.201852                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 31003.386005                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 31005.486990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31005.403630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 31318.658630                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31318.658630                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 31003.386005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 31209.428029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31206.501058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 31003.386005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 31209.428029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31206.501058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
