
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.525854                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                525854475000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               525854475000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 697015                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   891108                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1343878935                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 238268                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   391.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   272739291                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     348687131                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            167040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data            270272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               437312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       167040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          167040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               2610                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data               4223                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  6833                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               317654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data               513967                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                  831622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          317654                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             317654                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              317654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data              513967                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                 831622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  191                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       1051708950                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   272739291                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     348687131                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             279584925                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              114216705                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    12433363                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     18087061                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    279584925                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                     114216705                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          2212913209                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          251197915                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            180262959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes           126152315                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     177024357                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    94648758                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   82375599                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 1051708950                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.replacements                  13796                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               1765.984158                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                348644756                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  15603                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               22344.725758                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    1765.984158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.862297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.862297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    348644756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       348644756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     348644756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        348644756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    348644756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       348644756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        15603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         15603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        15603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          15603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        15603                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         15603                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    328062000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    328062000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    328062000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    328062000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    328062000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    328062000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    348660359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    348660359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    348660359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    348660359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    348660359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    348660359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21025.572005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21025.572005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21025.572005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21025.572005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21025.572005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21025.572005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        15603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        15603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        15603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        15603                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15603                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    281253000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    281253000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    281253000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    281253000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    281253000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    281253000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18025.572005                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18025.572005                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18025.572005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18025.572005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18025.572005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18025.572005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                   1332                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               3078.396238                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                176641600                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   4478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs               39446.538633                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    3078.396238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.751562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.751562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     94570005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        94570005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     82049805                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       82049805                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data        10895                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        10895                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data        10895                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        10895                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     176619810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        176619810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    176619810                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       176619810                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data         1606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          1606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data         2872                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2872                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data         4478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total           4478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data         4478                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total          4478                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     79898000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     79898000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    160160000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    160160000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    240058000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    240058000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    240058000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    240058000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     94571611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     94571611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     82052677                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     82052677                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data        10895                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        10895                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data        10895                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        10895                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    176624288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    176624288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    176624288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    176624288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000035                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 49749.688667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49749.688667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55766.016713                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55766.016713                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53608.307280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53608.307280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53608.307280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53608.307280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          998                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total               998                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2872                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2872                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4478                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4478                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     75080000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75080000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    151544000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    151544000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    226624000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    226624000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    226624000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    226624000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 46749.688667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46749.688667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52766.016713                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52766.016713                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 50608.307280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50608.307280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 50608.307280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50608.307280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                    48                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse              3475.672922                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                   13308                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                  4883                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  2.725374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::writebacks   341.613272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   2402.300580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    731.759070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::writebacks     0.010425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.073312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.022332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.106069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst        12993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data          239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total          13232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks          998                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total          998                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst        12993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data          255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total           13248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst        12993                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data          255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total          13248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         2610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data         1367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total         3977                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         2856                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total         2856                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data         4223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total          6833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2610                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data         4223                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total         6833                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    135720000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     71084000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    206804000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    148512000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    148512000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    135720000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    219596000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    355316000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    135720000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    219596000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    355316000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst        15603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data         1606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        17209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          998                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total          998                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         2872                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2872                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst        15603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         4478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total        20081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst        15603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         4478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        20081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.167276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.851183                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.231100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.994429                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.994429                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.167276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.943055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.340272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.167276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.943055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.340272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2856                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         2856                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    104400000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     54680000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    159080000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    114240000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114240000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    104400000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    168920000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    273320000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    104400000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    168920000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    273320000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.167276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.851183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.994429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.167276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.943055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.167276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.943055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
