
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000029                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    28768000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   28768000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 318234                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   575684                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1686451163                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 223048                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.02                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                        5417                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                          9810                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             14528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              8576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                23104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        14528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           14528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   361                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst            505005562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            298109010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               803114572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       505005562                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          505005562                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst           505005562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           298109010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              803114572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                            57536                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                        5417                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                          9810                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                  9715                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts          904                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                         9715                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads               29934                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes              14707                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                          1990                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                        934                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                      57536                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.replacements                      0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                105.363985                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                     6683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                    228                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  29.311404                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     105.363985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.051447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.051447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         6683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            6683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst          6683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total             6683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         6683                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total            6683                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          228                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           228                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     12726000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12726000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     12726000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12726000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     12726000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12726000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         6911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         6911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total         6911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         6911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total         6911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.032991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.032991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.032991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55815.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55815.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55815.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55815.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55815.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55815.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     12042000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12042000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     12042000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12042000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     12042000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12042000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.032991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.032991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.032991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52815.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52815.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52815.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52815.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52815.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52815.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                      0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse                 80.668870                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                     1856                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                    134                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                  13.850746                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      80.668870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.019695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.019695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data         1001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            1001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data          855                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            855                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data          1856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             1856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data         1856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            1856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data           79                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           79                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data          134                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           134                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      3080000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3080000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      4424000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4424000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data      7504000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      7504000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data      7504000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      7504000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data         1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data          934                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          934                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         1990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         1990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.052083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.052083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.084582                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.084582                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.067337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.067337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        56000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        56000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        56000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        56000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        56000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        56000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        56000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        56000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      2915000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2915000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      4187000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4187000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      7102000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7102000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      7102000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7102000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.052083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.084582                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084582                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        53000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        53000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        53000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        53000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        53000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        53000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        53000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        53000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse               133.809342                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                       1                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                   282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  0.003546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    105.370729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data     28.438613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.003216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.004084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total               1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total              1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total          282                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           79                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total           361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          227                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data          134                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total          361                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     11804000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      2860000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14664000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      4108000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4108000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     11804000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data      6968000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total     18772000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     11804000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data      6968000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total     18772000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data           55                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data          134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.995614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.996466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.995614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.995614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst      9080000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      2200000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11280000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      3160000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3160000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst      9080000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5360000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14440000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst      9080000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5360000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14440000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.995614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.995614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.995614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
