
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.148086                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                148086239000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               148086239000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1056603                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1064179                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1727464138                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 363220                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    85.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    90576869                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      91226321                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             36992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data            949120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               986112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        36992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           36992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks         2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total              2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                578                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data              14830                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 15408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks              32                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                   32                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               249800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              6409238                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 6659039                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          249800                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             249800                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks             13830                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                  13830                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks             13830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              249800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             6409238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                6672869                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  442                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        296172478                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    90576869                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      91226321                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              72525682                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     48                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       96832                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     15548926                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     72525682                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                            48                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           464563396                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          106840370                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   54                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  30                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      27318811                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    22573967                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    4744844                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  296172478                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.replacements                      2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                510.335448                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                107830181                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                    599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               180016.996661                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     510.335448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.249187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.249187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    107830181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       107830181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     107830181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        107830181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    107830181                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       107830181                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          599                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           599                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     32662000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32662000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     32662000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     32662000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     32662000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     32662000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    107830780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    107830780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    107830780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    107830780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    107830780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    107830780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54527.545910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54527.545910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54527.545910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54527.545910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54527.545910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54527.545910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     30865000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30865000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     30865000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     30865000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     30865000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     30865000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51527.545910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51527.545910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51527.545910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51527.545910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51527.545910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51527.545910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 942702                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               3568.549501                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                 26345365                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                 946798                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                  27.825751                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle            54479156000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    3568.549501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.871228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.871228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     21649219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        21649219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      4688372                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        4688372                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data         3887                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3887                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data         3887                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3887                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      26337591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         26337591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     26337591                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        26337591                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       900189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        900189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        46609                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        46609                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       946798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         946798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       946798                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        946798                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  12614490000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12614490000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1263542000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1263542000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  13878032000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13878032000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  13878032000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13878032000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     22549408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     22549408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      4734981                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4734981                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data         3887                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3887                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data         3887                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3887                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     27284389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     27284389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     27284389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     27284389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.039921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.039921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009844                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009844                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14013.157237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14013.157237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 27109.399472                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27109.399472                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14657.859438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14657.859438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14657.859438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14657.859438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       942309                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            942309                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       900189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       900189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        46609                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        46609                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       946798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       946798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       946798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       946798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   9913923000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9913923000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1123715000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1123715000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  11037638000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11037638000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  11037638000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11037638000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.039921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009844                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009844                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11013.157237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11013.157237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 24109.399472                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24109.399472                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11657.859438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11657.859438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11657.859438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11657.859438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                   634                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse              9235.307693                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                 1594542                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                 15392                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                103.595504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::writebacks  8910.209882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    165.071875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    160.025936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::writebacks     0.271918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.005038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.004884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.281839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       899907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total         899928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       942309                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       942309                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data        32061                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total        32061                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data       931968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total          931989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           21                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data       931968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total         931989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          282                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total          860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data        14548                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total        14548                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data        14830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total         15408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          578                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data        14830                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total        15408                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     30056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     14664000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44720000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    756496000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    756496000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     30056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    771160000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    801216000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     30056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    771160000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    801216000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       900189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       900788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       942309                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       942309                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        46609                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total        46609                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       946798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total       947397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       946798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       947397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.964942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.312129                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.312129                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.964942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.964942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks           32                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total               32                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        14548                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        14548                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        14830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        15408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        14830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15408                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     23120000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     11280000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34400000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    581920000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    581920000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     23120000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    593200000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    616320000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     23120000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    593200000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    616320000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.964942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000955                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.312129                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.312129                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.964942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016264                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.964942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016264                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
