
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.133117                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                133117442000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               133117442000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 828989                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1175527                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1568098699                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 237868                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    84.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    70373636                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      99791663                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            294208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data           8276480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              8570688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       294208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          294208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      5660736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           5660736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               4597                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             129320                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                133917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           88449                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                88449                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              2210139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             62174272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                64384410                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         2210139                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            2210139                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          42524375                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               42524375                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          42524375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             2210139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            62174272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              106908785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                 1946                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        266234884                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    70373636                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      99791663                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              91472788                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     56                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     3287514                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     10711743                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     91472788                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                            56                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           533542913                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           96252298                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   36                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  20                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      47862848                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    27307109                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   20555739                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  266234884                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.replacements                  16890                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               1736.182852                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                 78126170                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  18908                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                4131.910831                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    1736.182852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.847746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.847746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     78126170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        78126170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      78126170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         78126170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     78126170                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        78126170                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        18908                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         18908                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        18908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          18908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        18908                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         18908                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    457786000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    457786000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    457786000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    457786000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    457786000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    457786000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     78145078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     78145078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     78145078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     78145078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     78145078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     78145078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 24211.233340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24211.233340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 24211.233340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24211.233340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 24211.233340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24211.233340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        18908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        18908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        18908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    401062000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    401062000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    401062000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    401062000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    401062000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    401062000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21211.233340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21211.233340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21211.233340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21211.233340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21211.233340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21211.233340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 155902                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               4076.934010                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                 46862075                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                 159998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 292.891630                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle             1079641000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    4076.934010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.995345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.995345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     27087368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        27087368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     19742869                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       19742869                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data        15919                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        15919                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data        15919                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15919                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      46830237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         46830237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     46830237                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        46830237                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        52966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         52966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       107032                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       107032                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       159998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         159998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       159998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        159998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1862630000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1862630000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   5808782000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5808782000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   7671412000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7671412000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   7671412000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7671412000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     27140334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27140334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     19849901                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19849901                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data        15919                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        15919                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data        15919                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15919                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     46990235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     46990235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     46990235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     46990235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 35166.521920                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35166.521920                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 54271.451529                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54271.451529                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 47946.924337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47946.924337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 47946.924337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47946.924337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       122808                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            122808                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        52966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       107032                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       107032                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       159998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       159998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       159998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       159998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1703732000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1703732000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5487686000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5487686000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7191418000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7191418000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7191418000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7191418000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005392                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005392                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 32166.521920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32166.521920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 51271.451529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51271.451529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 44946.924337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44946.924337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 44946.924337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44946.924337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                113660                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             18191.621028                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                   61800                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                132489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  0.466454                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::writebacks 16025.699940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    701.722418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data   1464.198671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::writebacks     0.489066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.021415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.044684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.555164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst        14311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data        26273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total          40584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       122808                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       122808                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data         4405                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total         4405                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst        14311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data        30678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total           44989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst        14311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data        30678                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total          44989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         4597                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        26693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total        31290                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       102627                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       102627                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         4597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       129320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        133917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         4597                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       129320                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       133917                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    239044000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1388036000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1627080000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   5336604000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   5336604000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    239044000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   6724640000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6963684000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    239044000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   6724640000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6963684000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst        18908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data        52966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        71874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       122808                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       122808                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       107032                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       107032                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst        18908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       159998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total       178906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst        18908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       159998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       178906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.243125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.503965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.435345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.958844                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.958844                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.243125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.808260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.748533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.243125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.808260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.748533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        88449                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            88449                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         4597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        26693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       102627                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       102627                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         4597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       129320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       133917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         4597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       129320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       133917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    183880000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1067720000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1251600000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4105080000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4105080000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    183880000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5172800000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5356680000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    183880000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5172800000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5356680000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.243125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.503965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.435345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.958844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.958844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.243125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.808260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.748533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.243125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.808260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.748533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
