
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.169707                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1169707043000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1169707043000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 657704                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   841119                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            12730829062                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 382856                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    91.88                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    60429704                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      77281862                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           48                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            68                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst           48                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           68                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           17                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst           41                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total               58                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst           17                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst           41                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total           58                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst           17                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst           41                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total              58                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd     50331648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker          640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           534756                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          5211316                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker         1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.itb.walker          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           470236                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          5348464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             61898788                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       534756                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       470236                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         1004992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7051584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data         17000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data       3010344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10078928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd       6291456                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             14574                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             81499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.itb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              7429                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             83596                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total               6478591                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          110181                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data             4250                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data           752586                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               867017                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        43029277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker           547                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker           219                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              457171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             4455232                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.itb.walker           274                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              402012                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             4572482                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                52918197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         457171                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         402012                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             859183                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           6028504                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data              14534                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data            2573588                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                8616626                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           6028504                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       43029277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker          547                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker          219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             457171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            4469765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker          985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.itb.walker          274                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             402012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            7146070                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               61534823                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.l2c.replacements                        125934                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tagsinuse                     27532.100282                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                         1500548                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.sampled_refs                        155551                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.avg_refs                          9.646663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.occ_blocks::writebacks        17789.012398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker       1.363432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker       0.117594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          2294.743571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.data          2778.537805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker       5.252408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.itb.walker       0.023319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst          2406.434925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.data          2256.614830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_percent::writebacks           0.271439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker      0.000021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker      0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            0.035015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.data            0.042397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker      0.000080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.itb.walker      0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            0.036719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.data            0.034433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::total                0.420107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         4097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         1763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             399350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             205866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         5680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         1949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             446193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             140780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1205678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          577354                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               577354                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            1189                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             549                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1738                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data           223                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data           193                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               416                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            53827                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            49705                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               103532                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          4097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          1763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              399350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              259693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker          5680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          1949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              446193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              190485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1309210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         4097                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         1763                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             399350                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             259693                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         5680                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         1949                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             446193                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             190485                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1309210                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             7942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data            11318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             7342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             8301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                34940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          4674                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          3622                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              8296                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          567                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          452                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            1019                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          71101                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          76239                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             147340                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              7942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             82419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              7342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             84540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                182280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           10                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             7942                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            82419                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           18                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             7342                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            84540                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               182280                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       520000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       208500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    414166000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    589465000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       940000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker       260000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    383790500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    432860500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     1822210500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     30607000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     30466000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     61073000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4060000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      5045000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      9105000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3700498000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3973370000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   7673868000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       520000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       208500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    414166000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4289963000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       940000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker       260000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    383790500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4406230500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      9496078500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       520000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       208500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    414166000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4289963000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       940000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker       260000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    383790500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4406230500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     9496078500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         4107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         1767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         407292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         217184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         5698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         453535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         149081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1240618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       577354                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           577354                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         5863                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         4171                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           10034                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          790                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          645                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          1435                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       124928                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       125944                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           250872                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         4107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         1767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          407292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          342112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         5698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          453535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          275025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1491490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         4107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         1767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         407292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         342112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         5698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         453535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         275025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1491490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.002435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.002264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.019500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.052112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.003159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.002559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.016188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.055681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.028163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.797203                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.868377                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.826789                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.717722                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.700775                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.710105                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.569136                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.605340                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.587311                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.002435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.002264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.019500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.240912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.003159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.002559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.016188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.307390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.122213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.002435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.002264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.019500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.240912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.003159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.002559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.016188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.307390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.122213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        52125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52148.829010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52082.081640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 52222.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 52273.290656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52145.584869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52152.561534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  6548.352589                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  8411.374931                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7361.740598                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  7160.493827                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11161.504425                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8935.230618                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52045.653366                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52117.289052                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52082.720239                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        52125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52148.829010                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52050.655795                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 52222.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 52273.290656                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52120.067424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52096.107637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        52125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52148.829010                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52050.655795                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 52222.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 52273.290656                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52120.067424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52096.107637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks              110181                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                   110181                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         7941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        11318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         7342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         8301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4674                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3622                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         8296                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          567                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          452                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1019                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        71101                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        76239                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        147340                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         7941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        82419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         7342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        84540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           182279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         7941                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        82419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           18                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         7342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        84540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          182279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       400000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       160000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    318844000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    453649000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       724000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker       200000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    295681000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    333248000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1402906000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    187154000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    145115000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    332269000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     22686000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     18114000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40800000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2847286000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3058502000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5905788000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       400000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       160000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    318844000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3300935000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       724000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker       200000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    295681000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3391750000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7308694000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       400000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       160000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    318844000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3300935000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       724000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker       200000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    295681000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3391750000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7308694000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    265520000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   9316699500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      3961000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 122238098500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 131824279000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    699595000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  30626242500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  31325837500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    265520000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  10016294500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      3961000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 152864341000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 163150116500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.002435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.002264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.019497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.052112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.003159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.055681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028163                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.797203                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.868377                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.826789                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.717722                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.700775                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.710105                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.569136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.605340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.587311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.002435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.002264                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.019497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.240912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.003159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016188                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.307390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.122213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.002435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.002264                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.019497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.240912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.003159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016188                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.307390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40151.618184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40082.081640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 40222.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40272.541542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40145.524636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40153.009531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40041.506205                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40064.881281                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40051.711668                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40010.582011                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40075.221239                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40039.254171                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40045.653366                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40117.289052                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40082.720239                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40151.618184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40050.655795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 40222.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40272.541542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40120.061509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40096.193198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40151.618184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40050.655795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 40222.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40272.541542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40120.061509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40096.193198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     7070142                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      3739                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5655287                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      802                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    1791                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   143                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      204                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 7073881                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                5656089                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         12725429                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                           4541                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     12729970                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    29439632                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      2205                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    1332                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                29441837                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         29439632                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           2205                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     29441837                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2339414086                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   28747266                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     37085213                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             33031535                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3860                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1116936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      4321526                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    33031535                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3860                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          189616194                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          36089294                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                3022                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                840                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     13393398                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    7407664                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5985734                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2203122575.338117                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              136291510.661883                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.058259                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.941741                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   46688                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                408172                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse               509.512645                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                29030930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                408684                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                 71.035152                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle           74928815000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   509.512645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::total        0.995142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     29030930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       29030930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     29030930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        29030930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     29030930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       29030930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       408685                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       408685                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       408685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        408685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       408685                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       408685                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6059464500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6059464500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6059464500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6059464500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6059464500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6059464500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     29439615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29439615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     29439615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     29439615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     29439615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     29439615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14826.735750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14826.735750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14826.735750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14826.735750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14826.735750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14826.735750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks        16458                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total            16458                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       408685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       408685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       408685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       408685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       408685                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       408685                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4832163500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4832163500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4832163500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4832163500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4832163500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4832163500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    351814000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    351814000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    351814000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    351814000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11823.686947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11823.686947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11823.686947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11823.686947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11823.686947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11823.686947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                335831                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse               404.122879                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                12265513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs                336343                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                 36.467276                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle             663204000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   404.122879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.789302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.789302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6596660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6596660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      5349249                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5349249                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       147717                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       147717                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       149695                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       149695                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     11945909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        11945909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     11945909                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       11945909                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       231189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       231189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       142616                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       142616                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         9505                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         9505                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         7464                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         7464                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       373805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        373805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       373805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       373805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3541904000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3541904000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5075999000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5075999000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    104931000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    104931000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     68264000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     68264000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8617903000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8617903000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8617903000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8617903000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6827849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6827849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5491865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5491865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       157222                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       157222                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       157159                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       157159                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     12319714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     12319714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     12319714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     12319714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033860                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033860                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025969                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025969                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.060456                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.060456                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.047493                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.047493                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.030342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.030342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15320.382890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15320.382890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35592.072418                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35592.072418                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11039.558127                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11039.558127                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  9145.766345                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9145.766345                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 23054.541807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23054.541807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 23054.541807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23054.541807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       287163                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           287163                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       231189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       231189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       142616                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       142616                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9505                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         9505                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7461                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         7461                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       373805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       373805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       373805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       373805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2848236000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2848236000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4648049500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4648049500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     76416000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76416000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     45881000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45881000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7496285500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7496285500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7496285500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7496285500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  10423748000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10423748000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    822757000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    822757000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  11246505000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11246505000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025969                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025969                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.060456                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060456                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.047474                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047474                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.030342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.030342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12319.946018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12319.946018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32591.360717                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32591.360717                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  8039.558127                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8039.558127                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  6149.443774                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6149.443774                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20054.000080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20054.000080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20054.000080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20054.000080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     8313009                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      3663                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    5829499                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     1439                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    1967                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   136                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                      248                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 8316672                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                5830938                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         14142508                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                           5102                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     14147610                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    32286240                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      2171                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                    1495                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                32288411                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         32286240                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           2171                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     32288411                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2338003468                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   31682438                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     40196649                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             36868206                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  6793                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     909270                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      3487065                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    36868206                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         6793                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          210764243                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          38547083                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                4535                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               2260                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     14680299                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    8634860                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   6045439                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              1858954745.472398                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              479048722.527602                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.204896                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.795104                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                   43911                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                454317                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tagsinuse               478.423780                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.total_refs                31831407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.sampled_refs                454829                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.avg_refs                 69.985438                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.warmup_cycle           91926225000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   478.423780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.934421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::total        0.934421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     31831407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       31831407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     31831407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        31831407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     31831407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       31831407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       454829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       454829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       454829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        454829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       454829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       454829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6679957000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6679957000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6679957000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6679957000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6679957000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6679957000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     32286236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32286236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     32286236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     32286236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     32286236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     32286236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14686.743809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14686.743809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14686.743809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14686.743809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14686.743809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14686.743809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks        19149                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total            19149                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       454829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       454829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       454829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       454829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       454829                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       454829                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5314262500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5314262500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5314262500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5314262500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5314262500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5314262500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      5250000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      5250000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      5250000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      5250000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11684.088965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11684.088965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11684.088965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11684.088965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11684.088965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11684.088965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                294642                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tagsinuse               457.752328                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.total_refs                11964721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.sampled_refs                295088                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_refs                 40.546281                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.warmup_cycle           89831748000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   457.752328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.894048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.894048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      6946891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6946891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      4828705                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4828705                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        81776                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        81776                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        83111                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        83111                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     11775596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        11775596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     11775596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       11775596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       172105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       172105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       150416                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       150416                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data        11123                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        11123                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data         9715                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         9715                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       322521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        322521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       322521                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       322521                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2496186500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2496186500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5287724000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5287724000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    124574500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    124574500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     73632000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     73632000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7783910500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7783910500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7783910500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7783910500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      7118996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7118996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      4979121                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4979121                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        92899                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        92899                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        92826                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        92826                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     12098117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     12098117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     12098117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     12098117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.024175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.030209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.030209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.119732                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.119732                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.104658                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.104658                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14503.858110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14503.858110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35153.999575                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35153.999575                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11199.721298                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11199.721298                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7579.207411                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7579.207411                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24134.585035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24134.585035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24134.585035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24134.585035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       254584                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           254584                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       172105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       172105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       150416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       150416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        11123                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        11123                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         9710                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         9710                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       322521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       322521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       322521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       322521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1979754000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1979754000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4836439500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4836439500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     91205500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91205500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     44502000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44502000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6816193500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6816193500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6816193500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6816193500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 136553272000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 136553272000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  39714562000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  39714562000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 176267834000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 176267834000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.024175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.030209                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030209                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.119732                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119732                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.104604                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.104604                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11503.175387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11503.175387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 32153.756914                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32153.756914                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  8199.721298                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8199.721298                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  4583.110196                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4583.110196                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21134.107546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21134.107546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21134.107546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21134.107546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tagsinuse                            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.sampled_refs                         0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.avg_refs                           nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 550616164273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 550616164273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 550616164273                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 550616164273                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
